hey guys it's me no sorry about the
noise in background my seating chart
and so I just wanted to do a quick out
for the other day and talk to you guys
about from the after but really and she
makes it okay well um so this is what
I'm wearing
first I'm wearing this this one's white
tank top underneath because this is a
little short it's just just shirt from
Alba Connie it's gray and white stripes
it's like quarterly and then on top of
it I'm wearing this kind of it's like
corduroy but it's like this best thing
that I got from forever 21 and I was
like the hood in the back right here and
then for my pants I'm just wearing these
these are my J Brand Jeans and they're
just like it dark minutes though and
kind of matched and then for my shoes
I'm wearing my white bands and then for
my hair I just curled it because I love
special occasion and on my nails I'm
wearing this new nail polish that I got
and it's called and Nicole's nickel by
Nicole by OPI and oh my makeup I'm just
wearing mascara because I'm going over
to my grandma's house and apparently
using better to look great
I'm not but um yes so
and what I wants to talk to you guys
about is I'm sorry for not uploading
videos as frequently sorry this one
right here as frequently as I usually do
and that is because the first time that
it took like it was like over a week for
me to upload a video um I was sick and
so just kind of like I don't want to do
this cuz I had to edit it and stuff and
then once I edited it Eddie okay
whatever um and I tried uploading it
because I uploaded it through my likes
and he didn't work so and that was a
product that was sent to me so I was
like supposed to upload it through my
likes so then I kept trying to have to
like uploading a wooden work so I
contacted them they're like okay we'll
just upload it through YouTube so then I
uploaded it then and then for this next
video I had this video um recorded for a
while because I went shopping a few
times I was doing this big huge
collective haul and I'm super excited
for users of really exciting things and
it but Black Friday is tomorrow which I
will be doing even more shopping so um I
don't know if you guys want me to upload
that now the other haul before the Black
Friday or just wait to make one giant
collective haul after Black Friday so um
sorry I just got a text and it was like
no English okay but um yeah so calm down
what you want me to do I think I should
just upload it all in one video because
I did a haul right like not that long
ago so it'd be like too many hauls in a
row if I did them separately but
whatever you think I'll probably
rerecord the haul because they're all I
did before is like 20 minutes long
and I'll make sure it goes faster and
I'll edit it on the computer and then
once I get my stuff from tomorrow then
I'll any day it back in
I mean Black Friday starts at 12 a.m. so
I mean it's not gonna be that late on
the day but yeah so comment down below
what you think and thanks for watching
bye